Add additional ML cluster settings (#4341)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _ml-commons-plugin/cluster-settings.md

- Default value: `100`
- Value range: [0, 10,000,000]

## Register model tasks per node

> Controls how many registered model tasks can run in parallel on one node. If set to `0`, you cannot register models to any node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Controls how many register model tasks can run in parallel on one node. If set to `0`, you cannot run register model tasks on any node.
```

> Controls how many register model tasks can run in parallel on one node. If set to `0`, you cannot run register model tasks on any node.

Reviewer 2: Just wondering. What do you think about hyphens for these compounds?
register-model tasks.
deply-model tasks.

Author: Let me think about that one.

- Value range: [0, 10]

## Deploy model tasks per node

Controls how many deploy model tasks can run in parallel on one node. If set to 0, you cannot deploy models to any node.

### Setting

```
plugins.ml_commons.max_deploy_model_tasks_per_node: 10
```

### Values 

- Default value: `10`
- Value range: [0, 10]

## Register models using URLs

> This setting gives you the ability to register models using a URL. By default, ML Commons only allows model registration through portable formats.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This setting gives you the ability to register models using a URL. By default, ML Commons only allows register pre-trained model from OpenSearch model repo, read this doc about pre-trained model https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/ml-commons-plugin/pretrained-models/
```

### Setting

```
plugins.ml_commons.allow_registering_model_via_url: false
```

### Values

- Default value: false
- Value range: [false, true]

## Register models using local files

> This setting gives you the ability to register a model using a local file. By default, ML Commons only allows model registration through portable formats.

Reviewer 3: Can we also make the related changes [in this page](https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/ml-commons-plugin/model-serving-framework/)?

> This setting gives you the ability to register a model using a local file. By default, ML Commons only allows model registration through portable formats.

Author: ```suggestion
This setting gives you the ability to register a model using a local file. By default, ML Commons only allows registration of [pretrained]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}//ml-commons-plugin/pretrained-models/) models from the OpenSearch model repository.
```

- Default value: 0.8
- Value range: [0, 1]

## Run Python-based models

> When set to `true`, this setting enables the ability to run Python-based models, such as [Metrics correlation]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/ml-commons-plugin/algorithms/#metrics-correlation).

Reviewer: Is this accurate ? @dhrubo-os 

I think this setting only controls whether user can run the model built by OpenSearch team.

Reviewer 3: Good point @ylwu-amzn. May be we can update it to: `this setting enables the ability to run Python-based models built by Opensearch team`

> When set to `true`, this setting enables the ability to run Python-based models, such as [Metrics correlation]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/ml-commons-plugin/algorithms/#metrics-correlation).

Author: ```suggestion
When set to `true`, this setting enables the ability to run Python-based models supported by OpenSearch, such as [Metrics correlation]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/ml-commons-plugin/algorithms/#metrics-correlation).
```

Reviewer 3: I'm not sure if supported will be the right word here. 

For example: these [python based pre-trained models](https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/ml-commons-plugin/pretrained-models/), we didn't develop those, we just traced it and we are supporting this.

But `enable_inhouse_python_model` is only applicable if any model is developed in python by opensearch team. I hope this clarifies the distinction here.
